[ECK] Update documentation for 3.1.0 (#2019)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-fleet.md

## Customize {{agent}} configuration [k8s-elastic-agent-fleet-configuration-custom-configuration]

In contrast to {{agents}} in standalone mode, the configuration is managed through {{fleet}}, and it cannot be defined through `config` or `configRef` elements with a few exceptions.

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). Starting in stack version 8.13, if {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and orchestrated by ECK, you can configure providers using the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource:
```

Possible version switching the `8.13` statement to the narrative side.

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer 2: This content was already reviewed here without notes: https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/1446

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer: Thanks @pebrc for the extra details!

My opinion is still the same but of course it's not a big deal. Also when we reviewed the linked PR, I think the `applies_to` was added in a later commit, as otherwise I'd probably have highlighted it.

Anyway the current text and usage of the badge is all right too, so whatever you want.

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer: Perfect, let's allow @shainaraskas to share her thoughts for a final decision :)

Shaina, do you like the usage of the inline `badge` there? I don't feel it very intuitive and I've suggested to change it to a narrative sentence, but maybe both approaches are fine.

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer 3: I agree that this is not ideal, partially because our labels don't look right in sentences. 

one reason this is hard to reframe is that this is positioned as "one of these exceptions" - is this the only exception? are exceptions only valid as of 8.13?

this could get an `Exceptions` subheading that has an applies label at the heading level, ideally, if it makes sense.

if that doesn't make sense, I'd go with prose inline or a note inline. we'll have to refactor it later when we have more components at our disposal, but will read better in the short term.

> One of those exceptions is the configuration of providers as described in [advanced Agent configuration managed by Fleet](/reference/fleet/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.md). When {{agent}} is managed by {{fleet}} and is orchestrated by ECK, the configuration of providers can simply be done through the `.spec.config` element in the Agent resource as of {applies_to}`stack: ga 8.13`:

Reviewer 3: I approved this PR already but some ECK 3.1 tagging should be added here before this is shipped
